tk选题：上海华为青浦研发中心项目有序推进
Huawei Qingpu Research Center Under Construction in Shanghai



配音：
The first office building of the Huawei Qingpu research and development (R&D) center has been basically completed following resumption of work recently, marking significant progress. The Huawei Qingpu R&D center, designed as the world's largest innovation base of Huawei, is one of the major projects of Shanghai.
On completion, the center will accommodate around 30,000 to 40,000 cutting-edge R&D talents of Huawei.

花字：
坐标：Shanghai
Covering Area: 1.6 million m²
Construction Area: 2 million m²

------

The first research and development office building of the Huawei Qingpu R&D center has been basically completed following resumption of work recently, marking significant progress.

The Huawei Qingpu R&D center, designed as the world’s largest innovation base of Huawei, is one of the major projects of Shanghai.
On completion, the center, covering an area of about 1.6 million square meters with a construction area reaching about 2 million square meters, will accommodate around 30,000 to 40,000 cutting-edge R&D talents of Huawei.


------

Shanghai will speed up the construction of a first-class scientific research team. Huawei Qingpu Research Center, the core strength of the Shanghai scientific research private team, will become the world's largest R&D center, focusing on the research and development of terminal chips, wireless networks and the Internet of Things. Construction has been fully started in November 2021 and is expected to be initially completed in 2023.

The project is located in the development axis of Qingpu District Science and Technology Innovation Corridor, and is also the demonstration area and core area of the Yangtze River Delta, with a total land area of nearly 100 hectares and a total investment of nearly 10 billion yuan.

In early January this year, Qingpu District Mayor Yang Xiaojing introduced that Huawei Qingpu R&D Center will become the "world's largest R&D center", focusing on the research and development of terminal chips, wireless networks and the Internet of Things. 

Huawei Qingpu R&D Center will be based on the unique water system of Qingpu. The center will create 8 architectural groups with different characteristics. Construction has been fully started in November 2021 and is expected to be initially completed in 2023 .

There is also good news that the relocation and resettlement base of Huawei Talent Apartment (Zhujiajiao) with a total construction area of ​​more than 120,000 square meters has been completed since the start of construction in November 2020 .

------

On January 23, it was revealed at a press conference in Shanghai that Shanghai will speed up the construction of a first-class scientific research team, and build four levels: national team, local team, private team, and international team. Among the scientific research private teams, support Huawei Qingpu research. This means that Huawei Qingpu R&D Center will become the core strength of the Shanghai scientific research private team.

It has been three years since Huawei's Qingpu R&D base was delisted in January 2019. According to the plan, the project is located in the development axis of Qingpu District Science and Technology Innovation Corridor, and is also the demonstration area and core area of the Yangtze River Delta, with a total land area of nearly 100 hectares and a total investment of nearly 10 billion yuan . status R&D center.

In July 2019, Huawei's R&D center completed the land transfer and started construction smoothly. The first phase covers an area of about 950,000 square meters, and the office area covers an area of 4,000 acres, which is twice that of Huawei's Songshan Lake headquarters. Introduce 30,000 to 40,000 scientific and technological R&D talents.

In early January this year, Qingpu District Mayor Yang Xiaojing introduced that Huawei Qingpu R&D Center will become the "world's largest R&D center", focusing on the research and development of terminal chips, wireless networks and the Internet of Things. Huawei Qingpu R&D Center will be based on the unique water system of Qingpu The center will create 8 architectural groups with different characteristics. Construction has been fully started in November 2021 and is expected to be initially completed in 2023.


There is also good news that the relocation and resettlement base of Huawei Talent Apartment (Zhujiajiao) with a total construction area of more than 120,000 square meters has been completed since the start of construction in November 2020. Completion of completion acceptance .

While accelerating engineering construction and supporting facilities, Huawei has also increased its cooperation with universities in Shanghai and even the Yangtze River Delta region to prepare for the reserve of high-end talents .

Since 2019, Huawei has signed cooperation agreements with four double-first-class universities in Shanghai, including Fudan University, Shanghai Jiaotong University, Tongji University, and East China Normal University, as well as Shanghai University, East China University of Science and Technology, and Shanghai University of Science and Technology . At the same time, it cooperates with Nanjing University, Zhejiang University, Southeast University, University of Science and Technology of China and other well-known universities in the Yangtze River Delta region .





https://english.news.cn/20220615/70c26dc767884367af471e98fb341912/c.html
https://www.shqp.gov.cn/english/news/20220610/926386.html
https://min.news/en/tech/5efdd204b194577752238471b30ac72e.html
视频：
https://m.toutiao.com/is/YkaSUQF/
https://m.toutiao.com/is/YkakL7t/
