
世界最高输电铁塔 启动跨长江放线
World's Tallest Power Transmission Tower Wired Across Yangtze River

Two 385-meter-tall power transmission towers, the tallest of their kind in the world, began the wiring process on Thursday across the Yangtze River. Twenty-four electricity wires weighing about 410 tonnes will stretch across the 2-km-wide river banks and be installed high above China's busiest waterway. Once operational, it will send renewable energy like wind power from the north of the Yangtze to the south, aiming to supply electricity for 8 million households.
花字 The twin towers built on each side of the Yangtze are crucial to the 500-kV power transmission project spanning the river. It is one of the most technically difficult cross-river network transmission projects in China

原视频字幕：
Two 385-meter-tall power transmission towers, the tallest of their kind in the world, began the wiring process Thursday in China's Jiangsu Province.
The towers are wired across the Yangtze River, the longest river in Asia.
The twin towers stand at a distance of 2.6km, connecting power lines in Taizhou on the north band of the Yangtze and Wuxi in the south.
The jumbos weigh about 13,000 tonnes in total.
They are the crucial part of a 500-kV power transmission project spanning the river, which is one of the most technically difficult river-crossing network transmission projects in China.
24 electricity wires  weighing about 410 tonnes will be installed high above the busiest waterway in China.
Water traffic control will be implemented to ensure safety of the construction.
The 500-kV power transmission project is expected to be completed in July this year.
It aims to supply electricity for 8 million households.


原稿：
Two 385-meter-tall power transmission towers, the tallest of their kind in the world, began the wiring process on Thursday across the Yangtze River, the longest river in Asia.

   The twin towers built on each side of the Yangtze in eastern China's Jiangsu Province are crucial to the 500-kV power transmission project spanning the river. It is one of the most technically difficult cross-river network transmission projects in China, according to the State Grid Jiangsu Electric Power Co., Ltd.

   Twenty-four electricity wires weighing about 410 tonnes will stretch across the 2-km-wide river banks and be installed high above China's busiest waterway, said Chen Songtao of the company, adding that water traffic control will be implemented to ensure the safety standards during construction.

   The 500-kV power transmission project is expected to be completed in July this year. Once operational, it will send renewable energy like wind power from the north of the Yangtze to the south, aiming to supply electricity for 8 million households.











https://english.news.cn/20220602/aafbdef114544b54b9443680e1c444b0/c.html
